Go Won: Hello~
Go Won: Absolutely~ I'll do my best!
Go Won: (Without sincerity) Fighting~
Olivia Hye: What are you doing~
Olivia Hye: (With sincerity) Fighting~
Olivia Hye: I'm drinking this, Cheongsimhwan!
Olivia Hye: I've never drank it!
Olivia Hye: I'm very nervous~
Go Won: Ugh, this smell...
(Go Won slowly drinking it bottoms up!)
Go Won: Ugh~
Yves: Nervous~
Yves: Cause I will have to perform right in front of fans....
Yves: It makes me very nervous~
(Go Won changed clothes and calmed herself down)
JinSoul: You looks like a cartoon character!
JinSoul: And it looks like a kind of British private school uniforms~
Go Won: It's my first performance!
JinSoul: Don't get nervous~
JinSoul: You know, I was....
JinSoul: very nervous...
Go Won: So nervous!!!
HyunJin: Okay, I'll cheer you up as a friend!
Go Won: Suddenly? Since when did you do something like this for me?
HyunJin: If you get nervous, it's your loss!
Go Won: Okay....
HyunJin: Go ahead and show them what you got!
Go Won: Yeah...
Yves: Why am I so nervous?
Yves: I've never been so nervous like this!
(Every members here are so nervous!)
Yves: A lot of pressure...
(Fighting, yyxy!)